Support raw tracepoint program type (#2542)
iovisor/bpftrace: docs/reference_guide.md

Examples in situ:
[search /tools](https://github.com/iovisor/bpftrace/search?q=tracepoint%3A+path%3Atools&type=Code)

```
# bpftrace -e 'rawtracepoint:block_rq_insert { printf("block I/O created by %d\n", tid); }'
Attaching 1 probe...
block I/O created by 189126
[...]
```

## 6. `tracepoint`/`rawtracepoint`: Static Tracing, Kernel-Level Arguments

> The bpf ctx parameters of tracepoint and rawtracepoint are different, rawtracepoint is lower level, and tracepoint is processed by the kernel on the basis of the parameters of rawtracepoint.

Reviewer: I understand what you mean here but probably only b/c I already know what raw tracepoints are. This might be too ambiguous for people new to it. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
`tracepoint` and `rawtracepoint` are nearly identical in terms of functionality. The only difference is in the program context. `rawtracepoint` offers raw arguments to the tracepoint while `tracepoint` applies further processing to the raw arguments. The additional processing is defined inside the kernel.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd still consider separating raw tracepoints section from tracepoints (just keep them next to each other). They are quite different from the usage point of view (raw tracepoints don't have categories, arguments are accessed differently). But that's just an idea, not insisting on it.

Reviewer 2: I'd still consider separating raw tracepoints section from tracepoints (just keep them next to each other). They are quite different from the usage point of view (raw tracepoints don't have categories, arguments are accessed differently). But that's just an idea, not insisting on it.

Reviewer 2: But I really like your rewording here, no problem using that.

Reviewer: I don't have a strong opinion on separate or together. Separate is probably cleaner from a docs perspective.

Author: Will do. I'll revise it next week and add test case, glad to get your suggestions.

Examples in situ:
[search /tools](https://github.com/iovisor/bpftrace/search?q=tracepoint%3A+path%3Atools&type=Code)

## 7. `rawtracepoint`: Static Tracing, Kernel-Level

> The hook point triggered by `tracepoint` and `rawtracepoint` is the same.

Reviewer 2: Maybe also add:
```suggestion
The hook point triggered by `tracepoint` and `rawtracepoint` is the same. The difference is that raw tracepoints are faster since no argument processing is done (see below).
```

Syntax: `rawtracepoint:name`

These use tracepoints (a Linux kernel capability).

```
# bpftrace -e 'rawtracepoint:block_rq_insert { printf("block I/O created by %d\n", tid); }'
Attaching 1 probe...
block I/O created by 189126
[...]
```

## 8. `rawtracepoint`: Static Tracing, Kernel-Level Arguments

`tracepoint` and `rawtracepoint` are nearly identical in terms of functionality. The only difference is in the program context. `rawtracepoint` offers raw arguments to the tracepoint while `tracepoint` applies further processing to the raw arguments. The additional processing is defined inside the kernel.

Example:

```
# bpftrace -e 'rawtracepoint:block_rq_insert { printf("%llx %llx\n", arg0, arg1); }'
Attaching 1 probe...
ffff88810977d6f8 ffff8881097e8e80
[...]
```

The available arguments for each tracepoint can be found in the relative path of the kernel source code include/trace/events/. For example:
```
include/trace/events/block.h
DEFINE_EVENT(block_rq, block_rq_insert,
	TP_PROTO(struct request_queue *q, struct request *rq),
	TP_ARGS(q, rq)
);
```

> The individual args are accessed by their order via argN builtins. Each arg is a 64-bit integer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The individual args are accessed by their order via `argN` builtins. Each arg is a 64-bit integer.
```

Examples in situ:
[search /tools](https://github.com/iovisor/bpftrace/search?q=tracepoint%3A+path%3Atools&type=Code)

```
# bpftrace -e 'rawtracepoint:block_rq_insert { printf("%llx %llx\n", arg0, arg1); }'
Attaching 1 probe...
ffff88810977d6f8 ffff8881097e8e80
[...]
```

The available arguments for each tracepoint can be found in the relative path of the kernel source code include/trace/events/. For example:
```
include/trace/events/block.h
DEFINE_EVENT(block_rq, block_rq_insert,
	TP_PROTO(struct request_queue *q, struct request *rq),
	TP_ARGS(q, rq)
);
```

> The individual args are accessed by their order via argN builtins and that each arg is 64-bit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The individual args are accessed by their order via argN builtins. Each arg is a 64-bit integer.
```

```

## 18. `rawtracepoint`: Static Tracing, Kernel-Level

Syntax: `rawtracepoint:name` or `rt:name`

> These use tracepoints (a Linux kernel capability).

Reviewer 2: This should mention the differences from `tracepoint`. Also, since these two are quite related, it'd make sense to put them next to each other in the reference guide.

```
# bpftrace -e 'rawtracepoint:block_rq_insert { printf("block I/O created by %d\n", tid); }'
Attaching 1 probe...
block I/O created by 189126
[...]
```

## 19. `rawtracepoint`: Static Tracing, Kernel-Level Arguments

Example:

```
# bpftrace -e 'rawtracepoint:block_rq_insert { printf("%llx %llx\n", arg0, arg1); }'
Attaching 1 probe...
ffff88810977d6f8 ffff8881097e8e80
[...]
```

> The available members for each tracepoint can be can be found in the relative path of the kernel source code include/trace/events/. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The available arguments for each tracepoint can be can be found in the relative path of the kernel source code include/trace/events/. For example:
```
These are not members as we are not accessing them via `args->...`.

```
include/trace/events/block.h

DEFINE_EVENT(block_rq, block_rq_insert,

	TP_PROTO(struct request_queue *q, struct request *rq),

	TP_ARGS(q, rq)
);

> ```

Reviewer 2: Mention here that the individual args are accessed by their order via `argN` builtins and that each arg is 64-bit.
